---
page_title: "azureipam_reservations Data Source - azureipam"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  The reservations data source allows you to retrieve information about all existing reservations in the specified space and block.
---

# azureipam_reservations (Data Source)

The reservations data source allows you to retrieve information about all existing reservations in the specified space and block.

## Example Usage

```terraform
# Returns all reservations in au/AustraliaEast block
data "azureipam_reservations" "all" {
  space           = "au"
  block           = "AustraliaEast"
  include_settled = true
}
output "all_reservations" {
  value = data.azureipam_reservations.all.reservations
}


# Returns not settled reservations in au/AustraliaEast block
data "azureipam_reservations" "not_settled" {
  space = "au"
  block = "AustraliaEast"
}
output "not_settled_reservations" {
  value = data.azureipam_reservations.not_settled.reservations
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `block` (String) Name of the existing block, related to the specified space.
- `space` (String) Name of the existing space in the IPAM application.

### Optional

- `include_settled` (Boolean) Settled reservations must be also included? Defaults to `false`.

### Read-Only

- `reservations` (Attributes List) List containing the `reservations` found for the specified attributes. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--reservations))

<a id="nestedatt--reservations"></a>
### Nested Schema for `reservations`

Read-Only:

- `cidr` (String) The assigned and reserved range, in cidr notation.
- `created_by` (String) Email or identification of user that created the reservation.
- `created_on` (String) The date and time that the reservacion was created.
- `description` (String) Description text that describe the reservation.
- `id` (String) The unique identifier of the reservation.
- `settled_by` (String) Email or identification of user that have settled the reservation.
- `settled_on` (String) The date and time when the reservation was settled.
- `status` (String) Status of the reservation, a 'wait' status indicates that is waiting for the related vnet creation.
- `tags` (Map of String) Auto-generated tags for the reservation. Particular relevance the 'X-IPAM-RES-ID' tag, since it must be included in the vnet creation in order that the IPAM solution automatically considers the reservation as completed.