---
page_title: "azureipam_block_network Resource - azureipam"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  The block_network resource allow to associate an existing azure network to the target block.
---

# azureipam_block_network (Resource)

The block_network resource allow to associate an existing azure network to the target block.

## Example Usage

```terraform
# Associate a virtual network to a block
resource "azureipam_block_network" "new" {
  space = "au"
  block = "AustraliaEast"
  id    = "/subscriptions/00000000-0000-0000-0000-000000000000/resourceGroups/RG-WE-ALL-COMMS-01/providers/Microsoft.Network/virtualNetworks/vnet-we-d-terratest-hub-01"
}
output "block_network" {
  value = azureipam_block_network.new
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `block` (String) Name of the block where the external must be associated. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.
- `id` (String) Azure Resource ID of the virtual network to associate.
- `space` (String) Name of the space where the external must be associated. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

### Read-Only

- `name` (String) Name of the Azure virtual network.
- `prefixes` (List of String) The list of IPV4 prefixes assigned to this vnet, in cidr notation.
- `resource_group` (String) Name of the resource group where the `vnet` is deployed.
- `subscription_id` (String) Id of the Azure subscription where the `vnet` is deployed.
- `tenant_id` (String) Id of the Azure tenant where the `vnet` is deployed.

## Import

Block network associations can be imported using the space and block names, and the Azure resource id of the virtual network, e.g.

```shell
terraform import azureipam_block_network.new au/Au
straliaEast//subscriptions/00000000-0000-0000-0000-000000000000/resourceGroups/RG-WE-ALL-COMMS-01/providers/Microsoft.Network/v
irtualNetworks/vnet-we-d-terratest-hub-0
```

**NOTE** that the slash character is used as separator, and also the Azure resourceID always starts with this character, therefore it must be repeated twice in succession when indicating the resourceid.


-> This ID format is unique to Terraform and is composed of the space name, the block name, and the Azure resource id of the virtual network in the format `{SpaceName}/{BlockName}/{AzureResourceIdOfNetwork}`.