---
page_title: "azureipam_reservation Resource - azureipam"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  The reservation resource allows you to create a IPAM reservation in the specific space and block.
---

# azureipam_reservation (Resource)

The reservation resource allows you to create a IPAM reservation in the specific space and block.

## Example Usage

```terraform
# Deploy the azurerm vnet
resource "azurerm_resource_group" "example" {
  name     = "example-resources"
  location = "Australia East"
}
resource "azurerm_virtual_network" "example" {
  name                = "example-network"
  location            = azurerm_resource_group.example.location
  resource_group_name = azurerm_resource_group.example.name

  address_space = [azureipam_reservation.new.cidr]
  tags          = azureipam_reservation.new.tags ##Don't forget to add the auto-generated `X-IPAM-RES-ID` tag to the vnet.
}

# Create a CIDR reservation
resource "azureipam_reservation" "new" {
  space          = "au"
  block          = "AustraliaEast"
  size           = 24
  description    = "this is a test"
  reverse_search = true
  smallest_cidr  = true
}
output "created" {
  value = azureipam_reservation.new
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `block` (String) Name of the existing block, related to the specified space, in which the reservation is to be made.
- `size` (Number) Integer value to indicate the subnet mask bits, which defines the size of the vnet to reserve (example 24 for a /24 subnet).
- `space` (String) Name of the existing space in the IPAM application.

### Optional

- `description` (String) Description text that describe the reservation, that will be added as an additional tag.
- `reverse_search` (Boolean) New networks will be created as close to the end of the block as possible?. Defaults to `false`.
- `smallest_cidr` (Boolean) New networks will be created using the smallest possible available block? (e.g. it will not break up large CIDR blocks when possible) .Defaults to `false`.

### Read-Only

- `cidr` (String) The assigned and reserved range, in cidr notation.
- `created_by` (String) Email or identification of user that created the reservation.
- `created_on` (String) The date and time that the reservacion was created.
- `id` (String) The unique identifier of the generated reservation.
- `settled_by` (String) Email or identification of user that settled the reservation.
- `settled_on` (String) The date and time that the reservacion was settled.
- `status` (String) Status of the reservation, a 'wait' status indicates that is waiting for the related vnet creation
- `tags` (Map of String) Auto-generated tags for the reservation. Particular relevance the 'X-IPAM-RES-ID' tag, since it must be included in the vnet creation in order that the IPAM solution automatically considers the reservation as completed.

## Import

Reservations can be imported using the ID of the IPAM reservation, e.g.

```shell
terraform import azureipam_reservation.new j26zNRqH8SSNLDv34VEdG6
```
