---
page_title: "azureipam_reservation_cidr Resource - azureipam"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  The reservation resource allows you to create a IPAM reservation in the specific space and block with a fixed cidr.
---

# azureipam_reservation_cidr (Resource)

The reservation resource allows you to create a IPAM reservation in the specific space and block with a fixed cidr.

## Example Usage

```terraform
# Deploy the azurerm vnet
resource "azurerm_resource_group" "example" {
  name     = "example-resources"
  location = "Australia East"
}
resource "azurerm_virtual_network" "example" {
  name                = "example-network"
  location            = azurerm_resource_group.example.location
  resource_group_name = azurerm_resource_group.example.name

  address_space = [azureipam_reservation_cidr.new.cidr]
  tags          = azureipam_reservation_cidr.new.tags ##Don't forget to add the auto-generated `X-IPAM-RES-ID` tag to the vnet.
}

# Create a CIDR reservation specifying a custom cidr
resource "azureipam_reservation_cidr" "new" {
  space         = "au"
  block         = "AustraliaEast"
  specific_cidr = "10.82.4.0/24"
  description   = "this is a test"
}
output "created" {
  value = azureipam_reservation_cidr.new
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `block` (String) List with the names of blocks in the specified space in which the reservation is to be create. The list is evaluated in the order provider. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.
- `space` (String) Name of the existing space in the IPAM application. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

### Optional

- `description` (String) Description text that describe the reservation, that will be added as an additional tag.
- `specific_cidr` (String) The specific CIDR to reserve, in cidr notation. At least one of size or specific_cidr attribute must be specified. Not allowed if more than one block is specified.

### Read-Only

- `cidr` (String) The assigned and reserved range, in cidr notation.
- `created_by` (String) Email or identification of user that created the reservation.
- `created_on` (String) The date and time that the reservacion was created.
- `id` (String) The unique identifier of the generated reservation.
- `settled_by` (String) Email or identification of user that settled the reservation.
- `settled_on` (String) The date and time that the reservacion was settled.
- `status` (String) Status of the reservation, a 'wait' status indicates that is waiting for the related vnet creation
- `tags` (Map of String) Auto-generated tags for the reservation. Particular relevance the 'X-IPAM-RES-ID' tag, since it must be included in the vnet creation in order that the IPAM solution automatically considers the reservation as completed.

## Import

Reservations can be imported using the ID of the IPAM reservation, e.g.

```shell
terraform import azureipam_reservation_cidr.new 95s5RH8HS38Y6k37vuGLQu
```